[Music]
hello welcome to the kitchen today I've
got a delicious recipe for you and it's
really easy I'm going to show you how to
make an easy cornflake tarts
[Music]
all the ingredients you need to make
guitar are laid out in front of me first
of all you need some pretty bold
shortcrust pastry 25 grams of soft brown
sugar 100 grams of core breaks having 25
grams of golden syrup a pinch of salt 50
grams of butter
125 grams of total jam and a bit more
flour roll now the first thing I'm gonna
do is unwrap my pastry and give it a
little bit of a roll out so I can put it
inside my team be careful as you unroll
it because sometimes it does tear in
places but it's really easy just to push
that back with your fingers now I'm just
gonna dust my surface with some extra
flour and just flip over my pastry onto
the flour and now I'm just going to give
it a little bit of a roll just to
stretch it out slightly longer this way
I'm now I'm gonna Bowl it over my pin so
I can get into the tin easily so it's a
good idea just to throw a really little
bit of flour so it doesn't stick and the
best way to do this is just place your
rolling pin at the end of your pastry I
just gently lift it over
roll it out so it covers the bottom so
just use your fingers to lift the pastry
gently and lower that into the corner of
your tin so you're saying if I can just
push that back together I'm going to
allow some of the pastry to overhang the
Tim because when it bakes it will shrink
a bit so what I'm going to do is allow a
little bit extra and then when I baked
it I'm going to trim it down afterwards
so it's nice and neat around the edges
I'm going to climb break the pastry and
that simply means baking it without any
filling and that's going to make sure
it's nice and flipped impressed so all I
need to do learn my space around with a
bit baking parchment and I actually
prefer to screw line up because it
allows me to get it all into the M into
the corner so then just unwrap it
I've got ceramic bacon beans but if you
don't have those you can just use
anything like dry pasta pulses or rice
so that's gonna hold the pastry down
when it cooks I'm gonna now put it in
the oven on 180 degrees for 15 minutes
and then I'm gonna take it out and
remove the beans I'm just gonna limp it
up pour them into a heat proof Bowl
goodbye back in the oven now for a
further 10 minutes until it's nice and
golden on the base it's been in for a
further 10 minutes and now I just need
to trim off the edges of the pastry to
make it nice and neat with a serrated
knife and then it's gonna be ready for
its lovely corn flaky filling to make
the filling I need to melt together the
golden syrup brown sugar butter a pinch
of salt a pan and once that's all melted
I'm just gonna coat the corn flakes with
all of the lovely sugary goodness and
just take a spoon and give it a stir
until it's all melted together and I'm
one of the lovely glossy ecwid now I'm
just going to put it in a cool place
stir it through make sure all of those
corn flakes are coated with that lovely
golden syrup butter and sugar mixture
look at that that's already completely
coated just a move that to the side get
rid of my fault and I'm gonna bring back
my pastry face first thing I need to do
is add a lovely layer of strawberry jam
you can use strawberry or a switch I
just gonna put that straight in the face
and just with the spoon make sure it's
nice and level so just get a nice thin
layer at the bottom of the pastry now
I'm just gonna dump in all of the lovely
form breaks and now I just need to
gently press it down flatten it out so
that's all already it's gonna go into
the oven for a further 5 minutes until
the corn flaky filling is golden and
toasted and then I just need to wait as
it cools down a little bit before I
cover it and custard and demolish it
this has been out the oven for 10
minutes now so I'm going to get it out
of the tin look at that I'm really happy
with this and I can tell you it smells
incredible time for the best bit
[Applause]
I'm adding cluster to mine but it's been
you loved and trusted or ice cream or
just by itself
that is so tasty trust me you have to
make it super easy so delicious I hope
you enjoy making eat with the kids and
if you do please share your pictures I'd
love to see them and use the hashtag
stay safe get cooking
[Music]